the excitement continued when he posted
a whole bunch of updates on Twitter
about his experience including um game
install sizes 00 the time it takes for
it to turn on vertical
and it's game time hello welcome to the
same time news we get the latest and
greatest news on Bo game i'm your host
Sam Tucker AKA sam time and this episode
is brought you by brokeback thor
mountain let's getting some stories hey
is everyone excited about those next gen
consoles coming out all those exciting
new consoles coming out soon or I'm
looking forward to all those TV features
on xbox one wheelchair might be
available in Australia tell you what
someone's dream came true in America in
that they got their xbox one console
before the launch two weeks before the
launch Xbox one hmm Xbox one hmm yes
Andre weingarten got a package to live
it in the mail and to his surprise it
was the xbox one oh my goodness 14 days
early he also posted a whole bunch of
tweets about his experience there like
I'm about install sizes for go oh no
food types ah but these incredibly
interesting tweets did get their
attention of Microsoft and they were
wondering hey what's going on here why
does he have a console so they actually
banned his account only after about six
hours of gameplay shit the band is
temporary though and he's a cam will be
back online when though the official
launch date of the xbox is all up and he
has actually been invited to I go to the
Xbox launch party which is very exciting
for him here we go they didn't say
exactly when and where but they said
that make sure he'd get there they would
make sure he got there get our xbox
early will ya yes Microsoft have
concluded that small targets whoopsies
then the actual players and yeah it
seems like a few consoles have been sent
out early by target because alone behold
an Xbox one has magically appeared on
ebay for a cool one thousand dollars
unsurprisingly the listing was taken off
ebay again Microsoft using computer via
negotiation skills and the listing was a
bit weird though they saying that the
profits from the console were going to
go towards helping like his special ed
children so it's all going to the
children I'm a bit more skeptical about
their moral standing we only wanted to
exploit a company's fault to someone
illegally sell an unreleased a console
on to the market and an unfathomably
outrageous prices for the children for
the children for the children the ebay
seller does have an interesting
selection of goods i mean alongside new
ps4 games have also got creepy dolls but
you know what I've got my eyes on that
John Wayne thousand pieces puzzle set
hands off they're continuing with Xbox
one turns out they're also gonna have
achievements not only for gaming but
also for like a media related
achievements like watching so many
movies in a month or using this much
service I think it's just a ploy to get
people to spend more money on their
service you know what I mean that's
right anyway as I said at the start of
the show Australia has a real limited
choice with they're getting some of its
media and it's no wonder where one of
the biggest to piracy nations in the
world but there's actually big problems
with copyright in Australia what if i
told you that in australia this new way
of sharing communicating nema fying
pre-mixing is illegal it's Charlie's
copyright laws are depressingly out of
date in that um if it's not included in
the law then it's not legal many
countries including the US have a fair
use provision in their copyright law all
kinds of creative acts of
as long as you're being fair in
Australia a copyright law is the
opposite unless the law specifically
says you can do something you can't so
so while it might be legal to copy a
video tape onto your computer and then
put that on your tablet say it's not
legal to do that with the DVD because
the DVD disc isn't in the law the law
actually says a video tape video
creation istres have a great video and a
petition to sign so I encourage all
Australians to our clique and that
petition in SONET I'm gonna do it I will
look up just to be busy at the moment
I'll do it I'll do what I gotta finish
this show wait a minute does that mean
I'm being illegal this whole surely York
I've showing clips I've shown you
pictures of things oh my god it's just
I'm a culprit and dealing allows the use
of other work when you're reporting the
news how I just knew that's right snooze
this is very serious news show we're
reporting with news very serious I'm
legal you're welcome always a month
speaking about out of date and archaic
systems it's an explorer trying to
rejuvenate their brand with a humanized
a character an anime girl
they've been released a little cartoon
where poor internet explorer girl is
being chased by more powerful browsers
have no Chrome Safari Firefox and then
when all seems locks uses the power of
blue screen blue screen of death blue
screen of death nothing can run when the
blue screen of death around I love how
confident they're being in the new
marketing campaign saying that the
browser might just a amazing maybe by
Justin come on give it ago yeah that
browser was clumsy and awkward hey give
her a chance give the girl browser a
chance man yeah just kill browser look
out for the download in the future yo
dawg new DLC for diablo 3 reaper of
souls has been announced and it adds new
menus and reading now set your watches
to the 18th of december 2015 because
that's when the new Star Wars movie
comes out yes I want the whole movie to
be charged hours and while you're at it
check out the latest Robocop trailer is
much better than the first one they
released but neither compared to my dubs
trailer one man thought he would make
the best Batman so he got in to go guard
the explosions shameless promotion thank
you so much for tuning in stay true for
funky time Sam died yeah so good g funk
it damn i'm trying to get off coffee up
so tired oh my god Sam time problems now
I'm your host Sam Tucker AKA sam time
and this forever fuck like watching so
many movies in a month month I want the
whole movie to be charged hours miss a
Jedi yeah you start Imperial yeah sir
see if gimme be me Sammy saw you saw me
Sammy so you saw me some meesa meesa
I'll be wicked